KEP-753: introduce a second KEP and gate for restarts during pod termination (#4324)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-node/753-sidecar-containers/README.md

  same time as before and can utilize as much of the graceful termination period as they need. The Pod graceful
  termination period semantic also stay unchanged.

### Restarting sidecar containers during Pod termination

> Sidecar containers should be restarted when a Pod is terminated to ensure that they

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sidecar containers should be restarted if they exit prematurely when a Pod is terminated to ensure that they
```

> are running while the main containers are running. This feature was originally planned

Reviewer: I think its both main containers and other sidecars that should terminate first.  Not sure I like this language any better, but:

```suggestion
are running while the containers that should terminate prior to its termination are still running. This feature was originally planned
```
